second-edition/src/ch15-01-box.md, before:

## `Box<T>` Points to Data on the Heap and Has a Known Size

The most straightforward smart pointer is a *box*, whose type is written
`Box<T>`. Boxes allow you to store data on the heap rather than the stack. What
remains on the stack is the pointer to the heap data. Refer back to Chapter 4
if you'd like to review the difference between the stack and the heap.

<!-- do we mean, allows you to place a value on the heap rather than the
default behavior of placing it on the stack? Can you quickly recap on what the
advantage to this can be, help them know when they'd use this? -->
<!-- Correct! Recap below: /Carol -->

Boxes don't have performance overhead other than their data being on the heap
instead of on the stack, but they don't have a lot of extra abilities either.
They're most often used in these situations:

- When you have a type whose size can't be known at compile time, and you want
  to use a value of that type in a context that needs to know an exact size
- When you have a large amount of data and you want to transfer ownership but
  ensure the data won't be copied when you do so
- When you want to own a value and only care that it's a type that implements a
  particular trait rather than knowing the concrete type itself

We're going to demonstrate the first case in the rest of this section. To
elaborate on the other two situations a bit more: in the second case,
transfering ownership of a large amount of data can take a long time because
the data gets copied around on the stack. To improve performance in this
situation, we can store the large amount of data on the heap in a box. Then,
only the small amount of pointer data is copied around on the stack, and the
data stays in one place on the heap. The third case is known as a *trait
object*, and Chapter 17 has an entire section devoted just to that topic. So
know that what you learn here will be applied again in Chapter 17!

### Using a `Box<T>` to Store Data on the Heap

Before we get into a use case for `Box<T>`, let's get familiar with the syntax
and how to interact with values stored within a `Box<T>`.

Listing 15-1 shows how to use a box to store an `i32` on the heap:

<span class="filename">Filename: src/main.rs</span>

```rust
fn main() {
    let b = Box::new(5);
    println!("b = {}", b);
}
```

<span class="caption">Listing 15-1: Storing an `i32` value on the heap using a
box</span>

We define the variable `b` to have the value of a `Box` that points to the
value `5`, which is allocated on the heap. This program will print `b = 5`; in
this case, we can access the data in the box in a similar way as we would if
this data was on the stack. Just like any value that has ownership of data,
when a box goes out of scope like `b` does at the end of `main`, it will be
deallocated. The deallocation happens for both the box (stored on the stack)
and the data it points to (stored on the heap).

Putting a single value on the heap isn’t very useful, so you won’t use boxes by
themselves in the way that Listing 15-1 does very often. Having values like a
single `i32` on the stack, where they're stored by default is more appropriate
in the majority of cases. Let's get into a case where boxes allow us to define
types that we wouldn't be allowed to if we didn't have boxes.

<!-- is this what we mean, we wouldn't bother with a box for something that can
be done more simply with a variable? -->
<!-- No, this doesn't really have anything to do with variables; this example
is using both a variable and a box. I've tried to clarify. /Carol -->

### Boxes Enable Recursive Types

<!-- (or something that encompasses everything we do with this example) -->

<!-- below: I'm unfamiliar with the cons concept, are we saying each value
except the first is repeated? does an item contain both its own value and the
next **item**, or the next **value**? Is it a continually nesting list? I'm
finding it hard to visualize -->
<!-- Did Figure 15-4 (trpl15-01.svg that I sent) help at all? /Carol-->

Rust needs to know at compile time how much space a type takes up. One kind of
type whose size can't be known at compile time is a *recursive type* where a
value can have as part of itself another value of the same type. This nesting
of values could theoretically continue infinitely, so Rust doesn't know how
much space a value of a recursive type needs. Boxes have a known size, however,
so by inserting a box in a recursive type definition, we are allowed to have
recursive types.

Let's explore the *cons list*, a data type common in functional programming
languages, to illustrate this concept. The cons list type we're going to define
is straightforward except for the recursion, so the concepts in this example
will be useful any time you get into more complex situations involving
recursive types.

<!-- can you also say why we're discussing cons lists in such depth? It seems
like a detour from the smart pointers conversation, is it just another concept
we're covering or is it imperative for learning about smart pointers? Either
way, can you lay that out up front, I think this could throw readers -->
<!-- A cons list is an example that's fairly simple but illustrates the use
case for Box. Readers may find themselves wanting to define a variety of
recursive types more complicated than cons lists in the future, and this
chapter demonstrates why box is the solution they should reach for in those
situations. We've tried to make that clearer in the above two paragraphs.
/Carol -->

A cons list is a list where each item in the list contains two things: the
value of the current item and the next item. The last item in the list contains
only a value called `Nil` without a next item.

> #### More Information About the Cons List
>
> A *cons list* is a data structure that comes from the Lisp programming
> language and its dialects. In Lisp, the `cons` function (short for “construct
> function”) constructs a new list from its two arguments, which usually are a
> single value and another list.
>
> The cons function concept has made its way into more general functional
> programming jargon; “to cons x onto y” informally means to construct a new
> container instance by putting the element x at the start of this new
> container, followed by the container y.
>
> A cons list is produced by recursively calling the `cons` function.
> The canonical name to denote the base case of the recursion is `Nil`, which
> announces the end of the list. Note that this is not the same as the “null”
> or “nil” concept from Chapter 6, which is an invalid or absent value.

Note that while functional programming languages use cons lists frequently,
this isn't a commonly used data structure in Rust. Most of the time when you
have a list of items in Rust, `Vec<T>` is a better choice. Other, more complex
recursive data types *are* useful in various situations in Rust, but by
starting with the cons list, we can explore how boxes let us define a recursive
data type without much distraction.

<!-- If there isn't a better example for introducing box, I think we need more
justification for using cons lists here. This is supposed to be showing why box
is useful, but we're saying the thing we use box for isn't useful either. What
is it useful for, then? -->
<!-- We've tried to clarify. This is just a simple example to introduce box so
that the reader can use these concepts in more complicated situations. A more
realistic example would be quite a bit more complicated and obscure why a box
is useful even more. /Carol -->

Listing 15-2 contains an enum definition for a cons list. Note that this
won’t compile quite yet because this is type doesn't have a known size, which
we'll demonstrate:

<!-- why won't it compile? Are we just defining it to use in the next example?
Can you make it clear to the reader why they are doing this?-->
<!-- done /Carol -->

<span class="filename">Filename: src/main.rs</span>

```rust,ignore
enum List {
    Cons(i32, List),
    Nil,
}
```

<span class="caption">Listing 15-2: The first attempt of defining an enum to
represent a cons list data structure of `i32` values</span>

> Note: We're choosing to implement a cons list that only holds `i32` values
> for the purposes of this example. We could have implemented it using
> generics, as we discussed in Chapter 10, in order to define a cons list type
> that could store values of any type.

<!-- any reason, in that case, that we use i32s here? Does it just provide a
more stable example? -->
<!-- It's a simpler example; the value within each item doesn't matter much for
the example; i32 is the default integer type so we chose that. I'm not sure
what you mean by stable? /Carol-->

Using our cons list type to store the list `1, 2, 3` would look like the code
in Listing 15-3:

<span class="filename">Filename: src/main.rs</span>

```rust,ignore
use List::{Cons, Nil};

fn main() {
    let list = Cons(1, Cons(2, Cons(3, Nil)));
}
```

<span class="caption">Listing 15-3: Using the `List` enum to store the list `1,
2, 3`</span>

The first `Cons` value holds `1` and another `List` value. This `List`
value is another `Cons` value that holds `2` and another `List` value. This
is one more `Cons` value that holds `3` and a `List` value, which is finally
`Nil`, the non-recursive variant that signals the end of the list.

If we try to compile the above code, we get the error shown in Listing 15-4:

```text
error[E0072]: recursive type `List` has infinite size
 -->
  |
1 | enum List {
  | ^^^^^^^^^ recursive type has infinite size
2 |     Cons(i32, List),
  |     --------------- recursive without indirection
  |
  = help: insert indirection (e.g., a `Box`, `Rc`, or `&`) at some point to
  make `List` representable
```

<span class="caption">Listing 15-4: The error we get when attempting to define
a recursive enum</span>

<!-- above-- but isn't that the definition of a cons list that we gave earlier,
that is must hold a value of itself? As you can see, I'm struggling with the
cons definition at the moment! -->
<!-- Yes, this type is the most literal translation of the concept of a concept
to a Rust type, but it's not allowed in Rust. We have to use box to make the
variant hold a pointer to the next value, not the actual value itself. We've
tried to clarify throughout this section. /Carol -->

The error says this type 'has infinite size'. The reason is the way we've
defined `List` is with a variant that is recursive: it holds another value of
itself directly. This means Rust can’t figure out how much space it needs in
order to store a `List` value. Let’s break this down a bit: first let’s look at
how Rust decides how much space it needs to store a value of a non-recursive
type.

### Computing the Size of a Non-Recursive Type

Recall the `Message` enum we defined in Listing 6-2 when we discussed enum
definitions in Chapter 6:

```rust
enum Message {
    Quit,
    Move { x: i32, y: i32 },
    Write(String),
    ChangeColor(i32, i32, i32),
}
```

To determine how much space to allocate for a `Message` value, Rust goes
through each of the variants to see which variant needs the most space. Rust
sees that `Message::Quit` doesn't need any space, `Message::Move` needs enough
space to store two `i32` values, and so forth. Since only one variant will end
up being used, the most space a `Message` value will need is the space it would
take to store the largest of its variants.

Contrast this to what happens when Rust tries to determine how much space a
recursive type like the `List` enum in Listing 15-2 needs. The compiler starts
by looking at the `Cons` variant, which holds a value of type `i32` and a value
of type `List`. Therefore, `Cons` needs an amount of space equal to the size of
an `i32` plus the size of a `List`. To figure out how much memory the `List`
type needs, the compiler looks at the variants, starting with the `Cons`
variant. The `Cons` variant holds a value of type `i32` and a value of type
`List`, and this continues infinitely, as shown in Figure 15-5.

<img alt="An infinite Cons list" src="img/trpl15-01.svg" class="center" style="width: 50%;" />

<span class="caption">Figure 15-5: An infinite `List` consisting of infinite
`Cons` variants</span>

### Using `Box<T>` to Get a Recursive Type with a Known Size

Rust can’t figure out how much space to allocate for recursively defined types,
so the compiler gives the error in Listing 15-4. The error does include this
helpful suggestion:

```text
= help: insert indirection (e.g., a `Box`, `Rc`, or `&`) at some point to
        make `List` representable
```

In this suggestion, "indirection" means that instead of storing a value
directly, we're going to store the value indirectly by storing a pointer to
the value instead.

Because a `Box<T>` is a pointer, Rust always knows how much space a `Box<T>`
needs: a pointer takes up a `usize` amount of space. The value of the `usize`
will be the address of the heap data. The heap data can be any size, but the
address to the start of that heap data will always fit in a `usize`.

So we can put a `Box` inside the `Cons` variant instead of another `List` value
directly. The `Box` will point to the next `List` value that will be on the
heap, rather than inside the `Cons` variant. Conceptually, we still have a list
created by lists "holding" other lists, but the way this concept is implemented
is now more like the items being next to one another rather than inside one
another.

We can change the definition of the `List` enum from Listing 15-2 and the usage
of the `List` from Listing 15-3 to the code in Listing 15-6, which will compile:

<span class="filename">Filename: src/main.rs</span>

```rust
enum List {
    Cons(i32, Box<List>),
    Nil,
}

use List::{Cons, Nil};

fn main() {
    let list = Cons(1,
        Box::new(Cons(2,
            Box::new(Cons(3,
                Box::new(Nil))))));
}
```

<span class="caption">Listing 15-6: Definition of `List` that uses `Box<T>` in
order to have a known size</span>

The `Cons` variant will need the size of an `i32` plus the space to store a
`usize`, since a box is a pointer that is always a `usize`, no matter what it's
pointing to. The `Nil` variant stores no values, so it needs less space than
the `Cons` variant. We now know that any `List` value will take up the size of
an `i32` plus the size of a `usize` amount of data. By using a box, we've
broken the infinite, recursive chain so the compiler is able to figure out the
size it needs to store a `List` value. Figure 15-7 shows what the `Cons`
variant looks like now:

<img alt="A finite Cons list" src="img/trpl15-02.svg" class="center" />

<span class="caption">Figure 15-7: A `List` that is not infinitely sized since
`Cons` holds a `Box`</span>

<!-- Below: why use boxes for this example, then, and not a more common smart
pointer? -->
<!-- We're trying to introduce the reader to smart pointers by introducing the
simplest one first. We've reworded to hopefully address this. /Carol -->

Boxes only provide the indirection and heap allocation; they don't have any
other special abilities like those we'll see with the other smart pointer
types. They also don't have any performance overhead that these special
abilities incur, so they can be useful in cases like the cons list where the
indirection is the only feature we need. We'll look at more use cases for boxes
in Chapter 17, too.

The `Box<T>` type is a smart pointer because it implements the `Deref` trait,
which allows `Box<T>` values to be treated like references. When a `Box<T>`
value goes out of scope, the heap data that the box is pointing to is cleaned
up as well because of the `Box<T>` type's `Drop` trait implementation. Let's
explore these two types in more detail; these traits are going to be even more
important to the functionality provided by the other smart pointer types we'll
be discussing in the rest of this chapter.

<!-- so deref and drop are features of Box and not of smart pointers? Or of
both? I'm not sure it's clear -->
<!-- We've tried to clarify. We wanted to demonstrate one smart pointer before
getting into these traits since they don't make much sense out of context, but
they're more important to understand before explaining the more complicated
smart pointers /Carol -->

Commit message:

Dance around the exact size of a box since it's really 2 usizes
Fixes #606.

second-edition/src/ch15-01-box.md, after:

## `Box<T>` Points to Data on the Heap and Has a Known Size

The most straightforward smart pointer is a *box*, whose type is written
`Box<T>`. Boxes allow you to store data on the heap rather than the stack. What
remains on the stack is the pointer to the heap data. Refer back to Chapter 4
if you'd like to review the difference between the stack and the heap.

<!-- do we mean, allows you to place a value on the heap rather than the
default behavior of placing it on the stack? Can you quickly recap on what the
advantage to this can be, help them know when they'd use this? -->
<!-- Correct! Recap below: /Carol -->

Boxes don't have performance overhead other than their data being on the heap
instead of on the stack, but they don't have a lot of extra abilities either.
They're most often used in these situations:

- When you have a type whose size can't be known at compile time, and you want
  to use a value of that type in a context that needs to know an exact size
- When you have a large amount of data and you want to transfer ownership but
  ensure the data won't be copied when you do so
- When you want to own a value and only care that it's a type that implements a
  particular trait rather than knowing the concrete type itself

We're going to demonstrate the first case in the rest of this section. To
elaborate on the other two situations a bit more: in the second case,
transfering ownership of a large amount of data can take a long time because
the data gets copied around on the stack. To improve performance in this
situation, we can store the large amount of data on the heap in a box. Then,
only the small amount of pointer data is copied around on the stack, and the
data stays in one place on the heap. The third case is known as a *trait
object*, and Chapter 17 has an entire section devoted just to that topic. So
know that what you learn here will be applied again in Chapter 17!

### Using a `Box<T>` to Store Data on the Heap

Before we get into a use case for `Box<T>`, let's get familiar with the syntax
and how to interact with values stored within a `Box<T>`.

Listing 15-1 shows how to use a box to store an `i32` on the heap:

<span class="filename">Filename: src/main.rs</span>

```rust
fn main() {
    let b = Box::new(5);
    println!("b = {}", b);
}
```

<span class="caption">Listing 15-1: Storing an `i32` value on the heap using a
box</span>

We define the variable `b` to have the value of a `Box` that points to the
value `5`, which is allocated on the heap. This program will print `b = 5`; in
this case, we can access the data in the box in a similar way as we would if
this data was on the stack. Just like any value that has ownership of data,
when a box goes out of scope like `b` does at the end of `main`, it will be
deallocated. The deallocation happens for both the box (stored on the stack)
and the data it points to (stored on the heap).

Putting a single value on the heap isn’t very useful, so you won’t use boxes by
themselves in the way that Listing 15-1 does very often. Having values like a
single `i32` on the stack, where they're stored by default is more appropriate
in the majority of cases. Let's get into a case where boxes allow us to define
types that we wouldn't be allowed to if we didn't have boxes.

<!-- is this what we mean, we wouldn't bother with a box for something that can
be done more simply with a variable? -->
<!-- No, this doesn't really have anything to do with variables; this example
is using both a variable and a box. I've tried to clarify. /Carol -->

### Boxes Enable Recursive Types

<!-- (or something that encompasses everything we do with this example) -->

<!-- below: I'm unfamiliar with the cons concept, are we saying each value
except the first is repeated? does an item contain both its own value and the
next **item**, or the next **value**? Is it a continually nesting list? I'm
finding it hard to visualize -->
<!-- Did Figure 15-4 (trpl15-01.svg that I sent) help at all? /Carol-->

Rust needs to know at compile time how much space a type takes up. One kind of
type whose size can't be known at compile time is a *recursive type* where a
value can have as part of itself another value of the same type. This nesting
of values could theoretically continue infinitely, so Rust doesn't know how
much space a value of a recursive type needs. Boxes have a known size, however,
so by inserting a box in a recursive type definition, we are allowed to have
recursive types.

Let's explore the *cons list*, a data type common in functional programming
languages, to illustrate this concept. The cons list type we're going to define
is straightforward except for the recursion, so the concepts in this example
will be useful any time you get into more complex situations involving
recursive types.

<!-- can you also say why we're discussing cons lists in such depth? It seems
like a detour from the smart pointers conversation, is it just another concept
we're covering or is it imperative for learning about smart pointers? Either
way, can you lay that out up front, I think this could throw readers -->
<!-- A cons list is an example that's fairly simple but illustrates the use
case for Box. Readers may find themselves wanting to define a variety of
recursive types more complicated than cons lists in the future, and this
chapter demonstrates why box is the solution they should reach for in those
situations. We've tried to make that clearer in the above two paragraphs.
/Carol -->

A cons list is a list where each item in the list contains two things: the
value of the current item and the next item. The last item in the list contains
only a value called `Nil` without a next item.

> #### More Information About the Cons List
>
> A *cons list* is a data structure that comes from the Lisp programming
> language and its dialects. In Lisp, the `cons` function (short for “construct
> function”) constructs a new list from its two arguments, which usually are a
> single value and another list.
>
> The cons function concept has made its way into more general functional
> programming jargon; “to cons x onto y” informally means to construct a new
> container instance by putting the element x at the start of this new
> container, followed by the container y.
>
> A cons list is produced by recursively calling the `cons` function.
> The canonical name to denote the base case of the recursion is `Nil`, which
> announces the end of the list. Note that this is not the same as the “null”
> or “nil” concept from Chapter 6, which is an invalid or absent value.

Note that while functional programming languages use cons lists frequently,
this isn't a commonly used data structure in Rust. Most of the time when you
have a list of items in Rust, `Vec<T>` is a better choice. Other, more complex
recursive data types *are* useful in various situations in Rust, but by
starting with the cons list, we can explore how boxes let us define a recursive
data type without much distraction.

<!-- If there isn't a better example for introducing box, I think we need more
justification for using cons lists here. This is supposed to be showing why box
is useful, but we're saying the thing we use box for isn't useful either. What
is it useful for, then? -->
<!-- We've tried to clarify. This is just a simple example to introduce box so
that the reader can use these concepts in more complicated situations. A more
realistic example would be quite a bit more complicated and obscure why a box
is useful even more. /Carol -->

Listing 15-2 contains an enum definition for a cons list. Note that this
won’t compile quite yet because this is type doesn't have a known size, which
we'll demonstrate:

<!-- why won't it compile? Are we just defining it to use in the next example?
Can you make it clear to the reader why they are doing this?-->
<!-- done /Carol -->

<span class="filename">Filename: src/main.rs</span>

```rust,ignore
enum List {
    Cons(i32, List),
    Nil,
}
```

<span class="caption">Listing 15-2: The first attempt of defining an enum to
represent a cons list data structure of `i32` values</span>

> Note: We're choosing to implement a cons list that only holds `i32` values
> for the purposes of this example. We could have implemented it using
> generics, as we discussed in Chapter 10, in order to define a cons list type
> that could store values of any type.

<!-- any reason, in that case, that we use i32s here? Does it just provide a
more stable example? -->
<!-- It's a simpler example; the value within each item doesn't matter much for
the example; i32 is the default integer type so we chose that. I'm not sure
what you mean by stable? /Carol-->

Using our cons list type to store the list `1, 2, 3` would look like the code
in Listing 15-3:

<span class="filename">Filename: src/main.rs</span>

```rust,ignore
use List::{Cons, Nil};

fn main() {
    let list = Cons(1, Cons(2, Cons(3, Nil)));
}
```

<span class="caption">Listing 15-3: Using the `List` enum to store the list `1,
2, 3`</span>

The first `Cons` value holds `1` and another `List` value. This `List`
value is another `Cons` value that holds `2` and another `List` value. This
is one more `Cons` value that holds `3` and a `List` value, which is finally
`Nil`, the non-recursive variant that signals the end of the list.

If we try to compile the above code, we get the error shown in Listing 15-4:

```text
error[E0072]: recursive type `List` has infinite size
 -->
  |
1 | enum List {
  | ^^^^^^^^^ recursive type has infinite size
2 |     Cons(i32, List),
  |     --------------- recursive without indirection
  |
  = help: insert indirection (e.g., a `Box`, `Rc`, or `&`) at some point to
  make `List` representable
```

<span class="caption">Listing 15-4: The error we get when attempting to define
a recursive enum</span>

<!-- above-- but isn't that the definition of a cons list that we gave earlier,
that is must hold a value of itself? As you can see, I'm struggling with the
cons definition at the moment! -->
<!-- Yes, this type is the most literal translation of the concept of a concept
to a Rust type, but it's not allowed in Rust. We have to use box to make the
variant hold a pointer to the next value, not the actual value itself. We've
tried to clarify throughout this section. /Carol -->

The error says this type 'has infinite size'. The reason is the way we've
defined `List` is with a variant that is recursive: it holds another value of
itself directly. This means Rust can’t figure out how much space it needs in
order to store a `List` value. Let’s break this down a bit: first let’s look at
how Rust decides how much space it needs to store a value of a non-recursive
type.

### Computing the Size of a Non-Recursive Type

Recall the `Message` enum we defined in Listing 6-2 when we discussed enum
definitions in Chapter 6:

```rust
enum Message {
    Quit,
    Move { x: i32, y: i32 },
    Write(String),
    ChangeColor(i32, i32, i32),
}
```

To determine how much space to allocate for a `Message` value, Rust goes
through each of the variants to see which variant needs the most space. Rust
sees that `Message::Quit` doesn't need any space, `Message::Move` needs enough
space to store two `i32` values, and so forth. Since only one variant will end
up being used, the most space a `Message` value will need is the space it would
take to store the largest of its variants.

Contrast this to what happens when Rust tries to determine how much space a
recursive type like the `List` enum in Listing 15-2 needs. The compiler starts
by looking at the `Cons` variant, which holds a value of type `i32` and a value
of type `List`. Therefore, `Cons` needs an amount of space equal to the size of
an `i32` plus the size of a `List`. To figure out how much memory the `List`
type needs, the compiler looks at the variants, starting with the `Cons`
variant. The `Cons` variant holds a value of type `i32` and a value of type
`List`, and this continues infinitely, as shown in Figure 15-5.

<img alt="An infinite Cons list" src="img/trpl15-01.svg" class="center" style="width: 50%;" />

<span class="caption">Figure 15-5: An infinite `List` consisting of infinite
`Cons` variants</span>

### Using `Box<T>` to Get a Recursive Type with a Known Size

Rust can’t figure out how much space to allocate for recursively defined types,
so the compiler gives the error in Listing 15-4. The error does include this
helpful suggestion:

```text
= help: insert indirection (e.g., a `Box`, `Rc`, or `&`) at some point to
        make `List` representable
```

In this suggestion, "indirection" means that instead of storing a value
directly, we're going to store the value indirectly by storing a pointer to
the value instead.

Because a `Box<T>` is a pointer, Rust always knows how much space a `Box<T>`
needs: a pointer's size doesn't change based on the amount of data it's
pointing to.

So we can put a `Box` inside the `Cons` variant instead of another `List` value
directly. The `Box` will point to the next `List` value that will be on the
heap, rather than inside the `Cons` variant. Conceptually, we still have a list
created by lists "holding" other lists, but the way this concept is implemented
is now more like the items being next to one another rather than inside one
another.

We can change the definition of the `List` enum from Listing 15-2 and the usage
of the `List` from Listing 15-3 to the code in Listing 15-6, which will compile:

<span class="filename">Filename: src/main.rs</span>

```rust
enum List {
    Cons(i32, Box<List>),
    Nil,
}

use List::{Cons, Nil};

fn main() {
    let list = Cons(1,
        Box::new(Cons(2,
            Box::new(Cons(3,
                Box::new(Nil))))));
}
```

<span class="caption">Listing 15-6: Definition of `List` that uses `Box<T>` in
order to have a known size</span>

The `Cons` variant will need the size of an `i32` plus the space to store the
box's pointer data. The `Nil` variant stores no values, so it needs less space
than the `Cons` variant. We now know that any `List` value will take up the
size of an `i32` plus the size of a box's pointer data. By using a box, we've
broken the infinite, recursive chain so the compiler is able to figure out the
size it needs to store a `List` value. Figure 15-7 shows what the `Cons`
variant looks like now:

<img alt="A finite Cons list" src="img/trpl15-02.svg" class="center" />

<span class="caption">Figure 15-7: A `List` that is not infinitely sized since
`Cons` holds a `Box`</span>

<!-- Below: why use boxes for this example, then, and not a more common smart
pointer? -->
<!-- We're trying to introduce the reader to smart pointers by introducing the
simplest one first. We've reworded to hopefully address this. /Carol -->

Boxes only provide the indirection and heap allocation; they don't have any
other special abilities like those we'll see with the other smart pointer
types. They also don't have any performance overhead that these special
abilities incur, so they can be useful in cases like the cons list where the
indirection is the only feature we need. We'll look at more use cases for boxes
in Chapter 17, too.

The `Box<T>` type is a smart pointer because it implements the `Deref` trait,
which allows `Box<T>` values to be treated like references. When a `Box<T>`
value goes out of scope, the heap data that the box is pointing to is cleaned
up as well because of the `Box<T>` type's `Drop` trait implementation. Let's
explore these two types in more detail; these traits are going to be even more
important to the functionality provided by the other smart pointer types we'll
be discussing in the rest of this chapter.

<!-- so deref and drop are features of Box and not of smart pointers? Or of
both? I'm not sure it's clear -->
<!-- We've tried to clarify. We wanted to demonstrate one smart pointer before
getting into these traits since they don't make much sense out of context, but
they're more important to understand before explaining the more complicated
smart pointers /Carol -->
